README.md, before:

<p align="center"><img width=35% src="resources/logo_medium.png"></p>




&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-in%20development-red.svg">
  <img alt="GitHub last commit" src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/ionthedev/phantom-engine">
  <img alt="GitHub code size in bytes" src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/code-size/ionthedev/phantom-engine">
  <img alt="GitHub top language" src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/ionthedev/phantom-engine">
  <img alt="GitHub Actions Workflow Status" src="https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/ionthedev/phantom-engine/cmake-multi-platform.yml">

</p>
<p align="center"> NOTICE: The build status badge on the right may say build failed, that is due to still learning how to build github action workflows.</p>

## Introduction
The Phantom Engine is a game engine aimed at making retro aesthetic games. Currently it's being developed along side [Fear The Crow](https://github.com/ionthedev/Fear-the-Crow), a quake styled shooter game.
Currently it does not have a GUI and won't have one for a long time. So in it's current state, it is a code only project.

## Libraries
Currently we are only using the following
- [Raylib](https://github.com/raysan5/raylib?tab=Zlib-1-ov-file#readme)
- [Imgui-Docking](https://github.com/ZephyrWolf/imgui-docking)
- [rlImGui](https://github.com/raylib-extras/rlImGui)

## How to Install
The setup for the engine is the same as Raylib's setup.

- Windows: https://github.com/raysan5/raylib/wiki/Working-on-Windows
- Linux: https://github.com/raysan5/raylib/wiki/Working-on-GNU-Linux
- MacOS: https://github.com/raysan5/raylib/wiki/Working-on-macOS

Commit message:

Updated readme.md to reflect library changes

README.md, after:

<p align="center"><img width=35% src="resources/logo_medium.png"></p>




&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-in%20development-red.svg">
  <img alt="GitHub last commit" src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/ionthedev/phantom-engine">
  <img alt="GitHub code size in bytes" src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/code-size/ionthedev/phantom-engine">
  <img alt="GitHub top language" src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/ionthedev/phantom-engine">
  <img alt="GitHub Actions Workflow Status" src="https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/ionthedev/phantom-engine/cmake-multi-platform.yml">

</p>
<p align="center"> NOTICE: The build status badge on the right may say build failed, that is due to still learning how to build github action workflows.</p>

## Introduction
The Phantom Engine is a game engine aimed at making retro aesthetic games. Currently it's being developed along side [Fear The Crow](https://github.com/ionthedev/Fear-the-Crow), a quake styled shooter game.
Currently it does not have a GUI and won't have one for a long time. So in it's current state, it is a code only project.

The project originally began using Raylib and ImGui as it's base, however for what the project is currently needing, I feel stepping away from that framework to 
something that caters to the necessities of the project.

## Libraries
Currently we are only using the following
- [SDL](https://github.com/libsdl-org/SDL) Multimedia Layer
- [Bullet3](https://github.com/bulletphysics/bullet3/) Physics and Collisions
- [ImGui Docking](https://github.com/ocornut/imgui/tree/docking) Graphical User Interface
- [glad](https://github.com/Dav1dde/glad) Rendering Loader-Generator
- [gl2d](https://github.com/meemknight/gl2d) 2D Library made in OpenGL
- [glm](https://github.com/g-truc/glm) OpenGL Mathematics 
- [stb image and typeface](https://github.com/nothings/stb) 
- [enet](https://github.com/zpl-c/enet/) Included but not implemented
## How to Install
The setup for the engine is the same as Raylib's setup.

- Windows: https://github.com/raysan5/raylib/wiki/Working-on-Windows
- Linux: https://github.com/raysan5/raylib/wiki/Working-on-GNU-Linux
- MacOS: https://github.com/raysan5/raylib/wiki/Working-on-macOS
